stream aggregation: change the behavior when both `streamAggr.dropInp… (#9877)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): on the [Cardinality Explorer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/#cardinality-explorer) page, rename `Reset` to `Reset filters` and disable the button when no filters are modified. See [#9609](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9609).
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): reflect query visibility state in URL on `Query` or `Raw Query` pages. Now, when sharing URL with a query, its visibility state will be preserved.

> * FEATURE: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/): change the behavior when both `streamAggr.dropInput` and `streamAggr.keepInput` are set to true. Previously, inputs samples that not matching any aggregation rule were also reserved. See [#9724](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9724)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/): change the behavior when both `streamAggr.dropInput` and `streamAggr.keepInput` are set to true. Previously, all input samples were kept when both flags were `true`. Now, only input samples matching any aggregation are retained; all others are dropped. See [#9724](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9724)
```
